Hey dad friend
Dad will buy it all for you in the future.
One-Hour Luxury Kim Xi Becomes a Dad
Look how happy they are
Dad buys it for you
Di
Mom, Dad accompanied Xiao Di for a day today
Di is so happy
The doctor said that Xiao Di can be discharged today.
The driver will pick us up later.
Why don't you and Di
Collect the bill with me
We won't charge you.
You are engaged
We'll go our separate ways
Don't bother us
Dad, I'm not engaged to Su Qiyu
His father was kind to me
He did it to reassure his husband and wife
Married later
The matter of God has been spoken
Don't push me away anymore
You can often visit my brother.
But we won't live in Zhou's house.
There you go.
Sister Zhou Hua
Now you also know that Xiao Di is your child
What are you going to do?
I want to remarry Wan Wan
Although he made a mistake 7 years ago
But I really don't want to lose him again
Then I'll help you again.
This is the key to Wan Wan's house
In the drawer of the TV cabinet
All the truth you want to know
This is the key to Wan Wan's house
In the drawer of the TV cabinet
All the truth you want to know